FAST NUCES CARRER SERVIES TEAM

Meeting Minutes:

Location: LLC Room,CS Building,FAST NUCES

Date/Time: 25 May 2022, 2:00 pm - 5:00 pm

Attendence: Syed Muhammad Huzaifa,Dr Atif Tahir,Dr Nafess Ahmed, Bilal Arif Shaikh, Mallahim Ahmed,Dr Sajad Hadir

Absent: Dr Moeed-Ud-Din, Asif Shaikh,Raza Bakar

AGENDA:
	1) Greeting and Introduction.(10 Minutes)
	2) Brainstrom for 3 Method to promoting the program.(60 Minutes)
	3) Disscussion and identify the strength and Weakness of these promoting method.(60 Minutes)
 	4) Agenda For Next Meeting. (40 Minutes)
 	5) Others (10 Minutes)
MINUTES:


Agenda item #1 Greeting and Introduction


	1. Introduction of Chairman Dr Atif Tahir and representativ of NED Dr Sajad Haider
	2. Privously meeting Agenda revised shortly.
	3. An intoduction of offerd coures and new Acadmic Courses.
Action item:
	1. Every one should attched report on their email related to new courese and offored courses.
	2. Huzaifa team made plain and contect to the offored course Univerites and get more information.


Agend item #2 Brainstrom for 3 Method to promoting the program


	1. Mallahim Ali Project Promoting team Cordinator suggset the Social Media for the Promotion
	2. Bilal Arif suggset the direct talk to the Student by going to thier Classes.
	3. Huzaifa Offored Course Consultant suggset Pamflit and Banner for Promotion.
Action item:
	1. Those who are Absent will sewnd thier ideas to MAllahim Shaikh for including in the promting method.
	2. Detail report the action will taken for succsefully promoting diffrent method by thier representative respectivelly.


Agend item #3 Disscussion and identify the strength and Weakness of these promoting method


	1. By Social Media theogh university multiple pages on diffrent plateforms(Like Facebook, Email,Linkdin and etc)
	Strength:
		Now a day there wer hugh no of audience available on that platform
	Weakness:
		1. Most of the time the people can not able to see the post due to refreshing of the app and 
		the huge no of post.
		2. Sometime people can not able tho ask the quries throgh typing method.
	2. Trought Directly announcement
	Strenght:
		Direct conversion creat great impect on others and people can ask their quries at  the same time
	Weakness:
		Missmanegment can be its weakness like Can not able explain in good way.
	3. Throught Pamflit and Banners
	Strenght:
		SomePeople use to of reading from hard Copy so we can capture through this way
	Weakness:
		1. Most of the people throgh away it without even reading it.
		2.Also this method is costlly
Action iterm:
	1. Everyone look forword on  What is good and bad related to these option ,Which and  way is more relible..
	2. More reserch on these topic by thier representative.


Agend item #04 Agenda for next meeting:
	

	Disscusion on the agenda point and its selection.
Action iterm:
	Reserch and devolopment on that point by the represntative team respectively.


Agenda item #05 Others.


	Disscusion and asking quries and others topic.
Action item: 
	Solution and resolving quries related to that.
