							7 CS Of Communication
Consicenes
1. Expression of public dissatisfaction and anger by protests is decided to remove by the Government  because of continues perputal marches and rallies.
2. The tired students asked for break to refresh.
pg no 54
3. Now we can not acertion why the screen door was left open.
4. My sister worked as nutritionist at the University of Michigan,recommends the daily intake of megadose of Vitamin C.
5. Basically,In light of Congressman Funches was complete by his last compaign,The voters expected that he would not repeate his effort to achive office in government again.
6. Possiblly,We discover a means of creating proper and fitting tribute to Professor Espinoza.
7. Everyone desired to mintain spring recess so that they can away from the demad of their studies. 
Concreatness
pg no 53
1. The fire that broke out last week destroyed the 80% of the important recored of the office.
2. The report was 2 days late.
3. The clark is not as cooperative as the old one.
pg  no 54
4. It was reported that the politition spend our 80% of budget on useless project.
5. The ciltizens of East Coasts are genrally threatend by the street crimes as compeared to the others.
6. You do not get 100% nutriation in most of the breakfast cearels.	
5. 70% of Television uses same sucsessfull formula instead of creating new original programmes.
Clarity
pg no 54
1. Television news reporting differs from that of newspapers in that television,unlike newspaper,can provides instantaneous coverage of events as they happen.
2. Larissa worked in a nationol forest last summer;forest management may be her carrer choice.
3. people pays more attention to commercials with human intrest stories than to other kind of commercial.
Considration 
pg no 54
1. Sir, Due to our less prepration we got less marks.
2. For better understanding, Do you tell me again.
3. I plays well,I hope you also like it.
pg no 53
Q Courtesay and Councreatness
1. Sometimes the style of writting looks offensive.
2. Due to unknown incident, The product which you deliverd got dammeged.
pg no 54
Do as directed:
1. Submit your report to Mr Ali at sharp 5 pm.(Consice)
2. We fellow our own opinion for better insteate of Partners.
3. Please reach the office Tommorrow at 5 pm near infront of Saffie Hospitale to disscuss about the current projects working.
4. 90% of the student are absent Today.
5. The consignment send after Friday,due to Tuesday weakend in Pakistan.